Docs: Add details on multi-stage early access, notifications (#10923)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/feature-flags/early-access-feature-management.mdx

> **Note:** Early access management is only available in the [JavaScript Web SDK](/docs/libraries/js).

Early access feature management enables your users to opt in (and out) of betas and in-progress features as well as notify them when ready.

This is useful if you want to:
- Run a beta program without building a custom solution
- Provide access to features that are not yet ready for general release
- Allow users to control their own product experience
- Create waitlists for features in development

## How it works

Early access features can be created and edited from the [Early Access Management](https://app.posthog.com/early_access_features) tab in PostHog.

Features can be in different stages:

> - **Coming soon**: Features that are in development but not yet available for testing. Users can register interest to be notified when the feature becomes available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Concept**: Features that are not yet available for testing. These are added to the Coming Soon tab, so users can register interest in advance.
```

- **Beta**: Features that are available for testing. Users can opt in to try them out.
- **Alpha** and **General availability** are also available for more granular feature lifecycle management.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> Please note that early access features must currently be released before they can assigned to a stage. 

```

Important caveat
